README.md, before:

[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/uport-project/daf-mobile/tree/master.svg?style=svg&circle-token=20f8c7ddb44368e4eaa3cf5219a605c431384831)](https://circleci.com/gh/uport-project/daf-mobile/tree/master)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/uport-project/daf-mobile/branch/master/graph/badge.svg?token=ClBiPSu9Wu)](https://codecov.io/gh/uport-project/daf-mobile)

# Daf mobile

Daf mobile is a reference implementation for [Daf](https://github.com/uport-project/daf) framework.

## Setup

### Longer - Contributors (iOS)

If you will be contributing to this project you will need to install [bundler](https://bundler.io/) to manage ruby gems so the versions installed in the project stay consistent with our CI

Install Bundler (You do not need to be in the project directory for this command)

```bash
$ gem install bundler
```

From the root of the project directory run:

```bash
$ bundle install
```

This installs cocopods and fastlane into your project. From here we will always use the local version. The Gems are shared accross both iOS and Android so no need to install twice.

To install pods use:

```bash
$ yarn
$ cd ios && bundle exec pod install
```

### Quick - Non Contributors (iOS)

You can safely install pods directly without bundler. You will need to have cocopods installed globally on your machine.

```bash
$ yarn
$ cd ios && pod install
```

## Running locally

```bash
yarn start
```

in another terminal

```bash
$ react-native run-ios OR
$ react-native run-android
```

## Environment variables

[React-native-config](https://github.com/luggit/react-native-config) is being used for environment variables

Add variables to `.env`. You may want to replace your `.env` file during build time.

```
TGE_URI=https://custom.my-tgserver.com
TGE_WS_URI=wss://custom.my-tgserver.com
```

In code:

```jsx
import Config from 'react-native-config'

console.log(Config.ENV) // dev
```

To use a different env file set `ENVFILE` variable:

```
$ ENVFILE=.env.production react-native run-android
```

Commit message:

docs: Add demo note to readme

README.md, after:

[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/uport-project/daf-mobile/tree/master.svg?style=svg&circle-token=20f8c7ddb44368e4eaa3cf5219a605c431384831)](https://circleci.com/gh/uport-project/daf-mobile/tree/master)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/uport-project/daf-mobile/branch/master/graph/badge.svg?token=ClBiPSu9Wu)](https://codecov.io/gh/uport-project/daf-mobile)

# Daf mobile

Daf mobile is a reference implementation for [Daf](https://github.com/uport-project/daf) framework.

# Demo

To tryout Daf Mobile you can use [Dafhub](https://github.com/uport-project/daf) to provide you with most of the current api flows in Daf. You will need to build Daf Mobile locally and install on your device.

## Setup

### Longer - Contributors (iOS)

If you will be contributing to this project you will need to install [bundler](https://bundler.io/) to manage ruby gems so the versions installed in the project stay consistent with our CI

Install Bundler (You do not need to be in the project directory for this command)

```bash
$ gem install bundler
```

From the root of the project directory run:

```bash
$ bundle install
```

This installs cocopods and fastlane into your project. From here we will always use the local version. The Gems are shared accross both iOS and Android so no need to install twice.

To install pods use:

```bash
$ yarn
$ cd ios && bundle exec pod install
```

### Quick - Non Contributors (iOS)

You can safely install pods directly without bundler. You will need to have cocopods installed globally on your machine.

```bash
$ yarn
$ cd ios && pod install
```

## Running locally

```bash
yarn start
```

in another terminal

```bash
$ react-native run-ios OR
$ react-native run-android
```

## Environment variables

[React-native-config](https://github.com/luggit/react-native-config) is being used for environment variables

Add variables to `.env`. You may want to replace your `.env` file during build time.

```
TGE_URI=https://custom.my-tgserver.com
TGE_WS_URI=wss://custom.my-tgserver.com
```

In code:

```jsx
import Config from 'react-native-config'

console.log(Config.ENV) // dev
```

To use a different env file set `ENVFILE` variable:

```
$ ENVFILE=.env.production react-native run-android
```
